Misty Moncada: Hi.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you
Misty Moncada: I'm living
Misty Moncada: I'm tired.
Misty Moncada: I just been doing a lot lately and I get kind of exhausted, you know, by this time I'm law. Yeah.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, I'm, I'm, like, trying to help my mother. I got my grandson. And so my mother, she had knee surgery on both knees so it's hard for her to move around so like my day consists of like cleaning the house washing dishes throw in the trash is
Misty Moncada: You know, feeding the baby helping my mom. Make a PR bed still going to group still going to other therapy therapy with mental health, mental health coordinators celebrate recoveries.
Misty Moncada: I just been tired.
Misty Moncada: But I'm getting the same thing.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, but I'm getting it done so, like, I mean it's, I'm not complaining about it because at the end of the day, I feel accomplished, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh. Sounds like you know you're caring for a lot of different people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A lot people that are dependent on you.
Misty Moncada: Yes. Is this
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Something new for you is
Misty Moncada: To have no I've tested.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It on you, even in your addiction.
Misty Moncada: I've been in the past like well you know help my mom.
Misty Moncada: But like, now it's like she's getting older. So it's kind of more harder for her. So for me, like helping her and then I have my grandson, so he's a handful. He's three years old. And so, taking care of him and making sure he's okay so I get really tired but
Misty Moncada: I mean she watches him while I have groups or stuff like that so
Misty Moncada: I just tried my best to get everything done
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Celebrate Recovery.
Misty Moncada: Great. It's been great. I completed all my community service. Celebrate Recovery, but I decided to steal volunteer every Monday to
Misty Moncada: serving food at the Celebrate Recovery because they have a male so i i went this Monday. And I did that. And then I'm
Misty Moncada: Also like we had like a karaoke night for church at another church in will my Church said there was a karaoke night at another church on Saturday, and I decided I wanted to get up there and seeing
Misty Moncada: And my pastors like you have a really pretty voice. They want me to sing a solo song at church on Sunday. So I've been practicing for that.
Misty Moncada: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, we first met you did say
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That was one of your, you know, your goals wanted to sing in the choir. Want to learn how to play some some instruments.
Misty Moncada: Yes, yes. So I'm really happy about that. Like, I'm happy, I'm I think it's cool.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, how are you, how, how have your interpersonal relationships like interactions with other people.
Misty Moncada: I'm good. Good. Um, I try to
Misty Moncada: You know, make enough time for everything. Um, I try you know my ever since I've gotten sober. Like, I, I've had a lot of people on Facebook. Tell me I'm inspiration. So I'm getting like hundreds of messages a day on Facebook.
Misty Moncada: But I am my messenger, but I try not to ignore that. And then I'm also I met with a counselor, a licensed counselor, there has been seen my post on Facebook.
Misty Moncada: And she wants me to start a virtual a recovery group that does not a recovery group. But just like a like a, you know, sober group online.
Misty Moncada: And she wants to know if I'm interested in helping her do that. So I thought that was kind of okay
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are your thoughts about doing it.
Misty Moncada: Yes, I think you would be cool.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good. So you definitely keep them busy so that
Will be a trigger.
Misty Moncada: It's definitely not
Misty Moncada: My mom.
Misty Moncada: My mom told me earlier. Slow down, slow down.
Misty Moncada: So,
Misty Moncada: Everything's good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. And I remember when we talked last
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We were talking about like joy and also your best qualities. So have you had time to think about
Misty Moncada: What some of the best qualities I did I put I wrote in my journal right here. Um, I put like my best qualities like I like to see organize. I'm very encouraging and positive I'm nice to others.
Misty Moncada: I like to clean iron read books. I try to be positive for others. I'm a leader, not a follower and I'm just Claudia. I've been praising God lately on the church and
Misty Moncada: My joys are my kids, my grandkids. My mother, my church.
Misty Moncada: Books good movies good friends positivity and encouragement getting great joy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So as you continue to keep busy.
Misty Moncada: And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Avoid the boredom.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This week I've been talking about interpersonal relationships with patient. So we're going to share
Misty Moncada: A discussion.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The interpersonal relationships.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is identifying those relationships that are nurturing to you.
Misty Moncada: versus the ones that are
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Depleting and typically, you know, which relationships are nurturing because you feel it, you feel good net present easy to talk to. You feel like you feel understood and you fill up
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The one fest depleted.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You sometimes question. He said the wrong thing you're doing the wrong thing and you feel more comfortable. So I'm going to share my screen so that we can watch a video but also I want to share some skill that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: helpful in identifying those healthy relationships. So, and identifying the healthy relationships, you want to increase your exposure to those relationships, but the one fest depleting typically in a normal situation, I would say, okay, reduce your exposure to those environments.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But for some people, those depleting relationships are actually relationships, that's hard to get out of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For some people it's the spouse. It's their children if their current dynamic would be in a caretaker, it may be their employer. So you have those relationships that may not be nourishing to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Finding ways to negotiate that company.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Developing boundaries.
Misty Moncada: Yeah.
Misty Moncada: So like for me. I'm I just been having more of a relationship with
Misty Moncada: My like I don't go anywhere anymore except to celebrate like I go like, you know, I go to Celebrate Recovery to church and
Misty Moncada: I went to, to celebrate recoveries and well last week I to a new one on Thursday, and I went to another one on Monday night, and then I had appointment like therapy.
Misty Moncada: And stuff like that. Like other than that, I don't go anywhere else. I don't hang around anyone I met a stage right now where I just want to be around my family and my grandchildren, like so that the thing for me right now is just
Misty Moncada: Like rebuilding a healthy relationship with them. Yes.
Misty Moncada: Definitely makes
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Also smart when you're in the beginning stages of really making sure that you're committed to your recovery and just being in those familial relationships.
Misty Moncada: That
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Make you feel comfortable that no, they're not going to be a distraction or
Misty Moncada: Yes.
Misty Moncada: My name is flashing Goldstein, I'm creator of a course and mindful living
Misty Moncada: And today I'm going to give you three simple ways to strengthen relationships. Okay, so the first way and maybe the most obvious one. Be kind.
Misty Moncada: One more kind to others, it sends the signal to them that they're cared about their there's a sense of
Misty Moncada: Understood sense of being safe and when this happens, there's a greater sense of connection that occurs and connection is the epicenter of us feeling well them feeling well and then we can imagine the emotional contagion, and the ripple effects taking place. Okay, number two.
Misty Moncada: We want to take an inventory of our relationships. Take a get a sense of who's nourishing to you. Who's depleting to you.
Misty Moncada: See if you can spend more time with the nourishing people make more connect strengthening the bonds with a nurse.
Misty Moncada: A little less time of the depleting people, but let me just say this. If someone's depleting and you can't spend less time with them family members co workers, that kind of thing.
See if you can change your relationship to them a little bit. In other words, play with and this might sound strange play with recognizing that there may be some instability with them as well. And if you send them some kind intentions, meaning maybe happy maybe healthy may feel safe.
Misty Moncada: Maybe balanced. See how that feels internally to relax your shoulders and sending that out. The third thing practice just like me plenty of people around us that we feel different from
Misty Moncada: DNA. Research shows that no matter your gender, ethnicity, or anything like that. We're 99.9% the same
Misty Moncada: And so see if when there's people around you that you feel disconnected from because you feel that they're different from you. See if you can just say, internally, just like me, just like me.
Misty Moncada: Just like me and then see what you notice this can happen, enhancing the fact of feeling connected. Okay, so those three things. The first thing the kind
Misty Moncada: The second thing, identify nourishing and depleting relationships and more time of the nourishing less time with the depleting or changing your relationship to the depleting relationships in your life. Third thing.
Practicing just like me with people that you feel disconnected from are different from. Okay, that's it. Practice this play with it. See what you notice be curious and we'll see you again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What were your thoughts on the video.
Misty Moncada: And I like it because you know that's what I've been trying to do is just practice like you know I'm doing a pretty good job. I also noticed like
Misty Moncada: Now my sobriety, like I'm trying, I'm doing my best to with my relationships with everyone. But I noticed I'm getting irritable lately.
Misty Moncada: So I explained that to my therapist on Monday, and she thinks, maybe they need to up my dose of medications, but like, now that I'm sober. A lot of things are like irritating me yeah they
Misty Moncada: That's another thing I'm trying to cope with and not and be a little bit more understanding with people. I'm not be so awful towards anybody you know are jumping at anyone
Misty Moncada: Like, that's what I'm working on my relationships, like, you know, not just me. So like if they say something. I'm just like, cuz I noticed I just been getting irritable and out like that. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, but I'm trying to tell me about that.
Misty Moncada: Was it what was going on. Um,
Misty Moncada: Um, I just out of nowhere, because I was diagnosed with bipolar. Mm hmm. So like, um, I take circle and like for me. I can't like I'm trying to get, get my mood stabilizers were like, I'm not just really angry, not just really sad.
Misty Moncada: So I don't know, just
Misty Moncada: Just trying to like work on things because I'm feeling so many emotions right now and everything. So like for me.
Misty Moncada: It's kind of a little bit, a little bit overwhelming in my head because I, I mean, I'm starting to think too much and feel too much, but I'm on anxiety meds and I'm on meds for my bipolar disorder, but I don't know just
Misty Moncada: I don't know. That's the only thing that stresses me out about relationship wise like rebuilding relationships. I don't want to be rude to people are hateful. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So some of these takeaways were being unkind and the connection and I can get that will be challenging.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you're frustrated irritable and I want to address something else that is something I initially thought when we first met, having all of this going on and multiple, multiple check ins and checkpoints, I'm
Misty Moncada: Like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is this beneficial coming to me for individual when you have group, you have a therapist that you're seeing
You have Celebrate Recovery.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And something else that you mentioned.
Misty Moncada: I'm on. Okay, I have. I see my therapist and mental health every other week.
Misty Moncada: I have to have group every Tuesday with mental health for three months. Then for with your program. I see you. Every, every other week. And then I have group every Friday.
Misty Moncada: And then I've Celebrate Recovery every Monday night, and then there's a new one. I'm starting to go to on Thursday nights.
Misty Moncada: I just barely went last week for the first time and I liked it. So those are all things I want to do. I had been job searching, but um
Misty Moncada: It's kind of hard because I have my grandson right now and I really can't afford like childcare like there's so many things I have to balance and right right now it's i don't think i think if I get a job. I've tried relapse, because I've got so much on my plate right now and
Misty Moncada: I couldn't deal with that. Like, I probably freak out, or I just not ready to overwhelm myself with that right now so I'm
Misty Moncada: I'm okay with everything that's going on like I'm okay. I don't. I feel like a bit overwhelmed, not by all my groups and stuff. But when I get home. I understand my mom, you know, she can
Misty Moncada: It can be testy at times here but you know that's what overwhelms me because I feel like I'm caring for my mother. I'm caring for my grandson.
Misty Moncada: And then I my 20 year old sons here, but he takes care of itself. Like you know he does everything is self, he cooks the self and everything, but it's just like, by the end of the day, I'm just blah but i i wouldn't change anything, to be honest.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But that's a good way to check in. And the reason why X is because I didn't want you to have the wrong impression of what's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Required. So yes, the
Misty Moncada: Group is every yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To seeing me is an added bonus, you know, but because you're seeing your therapist.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Already
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, I would be okay if you want to meet once a month, if you didn't want to keep the vibe. But I'm also open
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It official let's keep the bi weekly but I just wanted to share that information, because I don't want you to be under the impression that this is a requirement.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because
Misty Moncada: I like okay I like being. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you, but I like like I liked your group. I think that you have good things that I could benefit from
Misty Moncada: And I like my therapy mental health because I feel like I could benefit from her so like I don't get overwhelmed when I see you, or her
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, great, great. Just wanted to check in with that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that's, that's good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, and, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It makes sense.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Why you would be
Misty Moncada: Irritable because you're
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Caring for so many people right and it went back to what we're talking about what the nurturing versus depleted.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So every time. Some that hat.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As CARETAKER FOR YOUR MOM. YOU KNOW CARETAKER FOR YOUR GRANDSON
Misty Moncada: Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All these things while they're fulfilling and love your mommy love your grandchild. It's still putting out energy out of you still responsibilities.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And when those things and you don't have any relationship or anything that kind of pores back into you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You do feel blah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And this
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is a perfect example. That's exactly what you said about the end of the day, I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like if I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Had a sound that's probably what it would
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sound like
Misty Moncada: You know, it's funny, like it but I guess, you be careful what you ask for. Because like I i was like for me. I was like,
Misty Moncada: At first, I'm like, I'm so bored, like this is idle time. I don't have nothing to do. So then it's like, boom, all these things start coming. And I'm like, I like I would sit there and say, I wish I had something to do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Really cool.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But it's not. I don't take it as you complaining or being ungrateful. I just see it as a very transparent moment of sharing this has been my experience and some people may not understand it. Some people may not relate to it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. And you have to do that sometimes you have to do those mental check ins, like you did you assess everything like you had going on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I'm still good. I liked your Nice, nice. I want to do those things. So that's growing sense that you're doing things that you enjoy that keep you busy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But in the balance of being perfect but I
Misty Moncada: Guess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm thinking what promises you over the edge and makes you irritable when it's both interpersonal relationships that require just a little bit more
Misty Moncada: And so on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The cusp.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And someone asks us a little bit more. It's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like, come on.
It becomes too much.
Misty Moncada: That's the way I feel like, um, I think that I get a little bit stressed with my mother because she's really stubborn.
Misty Moncada: And for me, like, I try to make her feel as comfortable as she can. But she's stubborn about things. I shouldn't even be angry about like
Misty Moncada: You know, like, the other day I had to push her because somebody has trying to somebody had got ahold of her bank account number was getting money out and
Misty Moncada: She's stubborn, like she wouldn't go to go, you know, to the bank to get all this figured out. And I'm like,
Misty Moncada: I'm calling all the places to have her bills paid immediately. So the money is taken out. So nobody steals her money. And I'm like, You gotta go. So like
Misty Moncada: I had an order for her to go. I had to go with her to make her go. You know, so it's just little things not like a big things that overwhelm me just like like things like that like things that I push her to do to make sure everything's okay for us or
Misty Moncada: I tried to help her, so she doesn't have so much to do, because she's 65 so I don't want her to overwhelm herself and
Misty Moncada: You know and i think i think it's so hard, because my kids, my baby. You know, my youngest to I don't have, but my babies 20 the ones that I do have the three oldest
Misty Moncada: And like, I'm so now I have my grandson. He's a handful like he's all by itself. So he's he's he's just a baby cry because he spoiled. So like
Misty Moncada: He's a handful for me. And then he has a problem like sleeping at night, so I get kind of overwhelmed. But that, you know, so
Misty Moncada: Other than that, like everything's okay I kind of, I like the feeling at the end of the day, because I feel accomplished like I've completed everything I had to do, and I love it.
Misty Moncada: Like, I'm like, wow, I could another day down, bam, you know, like today's 41 what like
Misty Moncada: See
Misty Moncada: Cuz I had 32 days sober off of heroin.
Misty Moncada: 42 days today and I am in like faithfully like I have not looked back and I'm just, uh,
Misty Moncada: Just excited about that as well. I feel like everything is paying off for me. So that's what makes me want to keep going. I feel like groups are paying off. Celebrate Recovery.
Misty Moncada: All the time that I'm so busy. I feel like it's paying off because I'm not, I'm not like board and don't have idle time. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm asking because I'm also looking at your survey your band survey that you do. Um, and for counselor and for physician support you put a tube. So I'm wondering what, what else can we do Mimi, and the doctor do support.
Oh,
Misty Moncada: I meant to put that in the middle.
Misty Moncada: Oh, I put two
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, and it's okay if it's a tool, but I want to know as you're there, because what's the best way I can support you, Lynn, and I'm pretty sure that the I want to know also
Misty Moncada: It was supposed to be three in the middle. Okay, I must actually was going too fast. I feel like I'm in the middle like kind of a
Misty Moncada: To me that in the middle is just agreeing with things right now. You know, that's the way I felt in the middle with both my therapist with you and with Tyler Brett, I feel like I'm, I'm in the middle with you guys. I feel like everything's kind of focused on
Misty Moncada: Like we're doing a good job so far, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just wanted to check in. So yes, about the irritability and different things that may be brought up in relationships that kind of send me over the edge.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is helping you to identify your style.
What
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How you deal with conflict. How do you negotiate conflict when you're stressed.
Misty Moncada: Oh, I'll tell you this. Okay. I went to prison twice the last two times behind a girl in this town.
Misty Moncada: And I like hate her guts. Like I never snitched on her. I never told the cops. That was her is. It wasn't me. Who did the crime.
Misty Moncada: And so like with this girl like I wanted to beat her ass so bad. The other day I seen her at our, our dryer broke so I had to go laundromat and dry the clothes.
Misty Moncada: And a friend of mine dries up, and has her in the car and I want to beat her ass so bad, but it took me everything to remind myself that I'm doing so good right now. Yeah. And I need to not mess up. So, um,
Misty Moncada: I knew that if I stayed outside talking to my friend, I would have did something stupid. So I walked inside in my friend got out of the truck and he came inside to talk to me and
Misty Moncada: He's like, I'm sorry. Like, I know you don't like her. I said, You know what, I'm not even go out there and ask dumb. I have accomplished so much in life and I'm doing so good.
Misty Moncada: And that's the last thing I need is bullshit or to go back to jail because I'm on probation. So for me, I was the old me. That wouldn't happen.
Misty Moncada: I would have thought her I would have ran on the other side out. I would have opened the car door either jumped in the car. That's how crazy and stupid. I used to be.
Misty Moncada: So like for me to walk away or to stay in there, knowing and I thought before I reacted. I was so proud of myself because I am. That's like a great example like I stayed inside until they left well because my clothes were still drying.
Misty Moncada: Yeah. For me to walk need for me to walk outside because I would have just acted out of character.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, that's good, that's good tracking those moments and being able to measure your progression is key. You know situations where you do that self check like man. Oh, misty what a pull her up a car and be her down and now
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm able to regulate myself and what is regulation for you. Is it just self talk to you breathing. What else helps with the regulation.
Misty Moncada: self talk I'm breathing doesn't help me because I'll be so pumped up at the moment.
Misty Moncada: Breathing any type of counting, anything like that. No, don't work for me because it'll just pissed me off, but the talking to myself in my head like, don't do it. And before you wrap
Misty Moncada: Is a big factor for me right now. And it helps me realize like, I tell myself, you've come so far already 4042 days. Like, look how far you come
Misty Moncada: You're on probation. You don't want to go back to jail. You know, like all these things like my probation officers really cool with me. As long as I don't cause problems. He's really awesome. So for me, like these are things I don't want to mess up. So I just tell myself. No, don't do that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because do that self talk, you are stopping the other negative thoughts from the internet, you're able to reframe your five
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And replace them with positive coping so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's good, that you've identify what helps to regulate the quickest and unlike other people. You don't have to go through the process and figure out what works.
Misty Moncada: Because in the midst of crisis.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know someone that wouldn't know what works. They may have tried to do reading first and that doesn't work, and they're already
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Up in the car about the fight.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But because you had enough awareness to say
Misty Moncada: All right, that's not gonna work. That's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not gonna work. I need to start talking to myself immediately. That was good that you had that awareness to see what's the best coping mechanism for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And to activate it immediately.
Misty Moncada: Right, right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm gonna share my screen. So again,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because there's on. Oh, go ahead.
Misty Moncada: Are you talking. I'll be sharing my screen. No, no, no, I'm just listening to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, this this checklist is about identifying
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What your style is as far as
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With when there's conflict that arise or interpersonal relationships.
Misty Moncada: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because in this checklist. You don't have to write down the questions. But what I would encourage is to just if it applies to you to write the number
OK.
Misty Moncada: OK.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the first one says, I go along with something, even if I don't like it. So if this applies to you right number one on your paper.
Misty Moncada: Can I pick more than one of these
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, we're gonna keep going through all of them. So if you write it down.
Misty Moncada: Okay, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm only if it applies to you. So there's actually there's 10 questions, I believe, so I'll read each one and if it applies to just write the number and from there we'll figure out what your style is so too.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I push people to do what's right, even if there's an upset that applies to you write down. Number two.
Misty Moncada: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, number three I try to be pleasant and easy goal going no matter what people do are saying
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Number four, I give people a piece of my mind when they deserve it. So this is the person that navigates conflict by addressing it. They don't wait to see if someone's going to ask them anything. They just come. They're very direct.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: By I always try to be sensitive to what other people need and feel even if my own needs, get lost in the process.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is what I call the servants, they, they like to help out. Um, they're always willing to help, they don't really question how inconvenient inconvenient them. They're just their
Misty Moncada: Number six.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I know what I want and insist on even if it means having to get angry.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Seven when there's conflict.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I tend to give in.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And let things go the other person's way.
Misty Moncada: Okay, I put 134 and five. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So here we have eight
Misty Moncada: Oh, we have. Okay, we have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Eight when people don't do what's appropriate or reasonable I don't let them get away with it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So these people, they'll stick up for other people. If right is right, wrong is wrong.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Line I'll pull away from a right relationship, rather than saying anything that could be upsetting.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They don't really address the conflict, they'll just leave or they'll avoid the situation without
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: These are people that like in relationships and people may not even know why the relationship ended.
Misty Moncada: Okay 10
Misty Moncada: You can't let people
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Continue being selfish or stupid, you have to shake them till they see what they're doing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: These other people that hold you accountable.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: 11 I leave people alone. Let them be whatever they are.
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, if people ignore my needs on system things that don't work for me. I get upset.
Misty Moncada: When they pay attention.
Misty Moncada: Okay, so I chose
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: More I've numbers or more even numbers.
Misty Moncada: I have three even in three odd.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, you're the first so far. Okay, so you're right down the middle. Okay, so the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Numbers.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are the ones. Let me go back to the first one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The I numbers.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are the personalities that they were is it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: These are the personalities that are very passive. They are the ones that avoid conflict or not confrontational. And this is the friend that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People call when they want someone to be on my side, I guess an issue they call this person up with this person is going to sympathize with them, they're going to take their side.
Misty Moncada: They like for me. Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No, go ahead. Go ahead. I
Misty Moncada: Haven't I've just said like, for me, like, some of them that I chose like I go along with something, even if I don't like it.
Misty Moncada: For me is kind of like usually I'm pretty stern in my wording and if I feel uncomfortable about something I have no problem expressing my feelings are addressing it.
Misty Moncada: Like, I won't sit there and just like let it go. But I know like in any type of employment or stuff like that or like a boss. That's why I chose one because if I mean like employment. Employment asked atmosphere like at work or something.
Misty Moncada: If I'm not don't agree with something, but I'll still do it. Like if my boss is screaming about something or. That's why I chose that because I have went through that before, like a boss.
Misty Moncada: And then like three I tried to be pleasant ongoing, no matter what people do or say because I try not to let people ruin my day like
Misty Moncada: I'm not gonna allow people to stress me out, you know, I'm just not going to deal with it. I chose for because I give people a piece of my mind.
Misty Moncada: And I don't mean when they deserve it, but I'm just trying to say like, I'm pretty stern in my word. Like, I'm not gonna let somebody tell me something like this is the way it goes. And me not express myself.
Misty Moncada: So like, I'm going to tell them. If I feel comfortable with it or not. And then I chose like 810 and 11
Misty Moncada: And so like for eight when people don't do what's appropriate reasonable I don't let them get away with it because I'll to all explain to Mike. That's not the right way or why are you doing it that way. Or if it's the wrong way or like I said all all address the situation 10
Misty Moncada: Yeah, he can people continue to be selfish. You're stupid like someone's being selfish is stupid. To me, I'm just like, look, do you know, see what you're doing wrong. Like, I don't have no problem addressing that.
Misty Moncada: I think like this is my little model. Somebody needs to tell you might as well be me. That's the way I guess to be
Misty Moncada: Like out there. My drug addiction. Somebody needs to tell you that might as well be me and people get mad because I would say that
Misty Moncada: I'm 11 I leave people alone. I let people be comfortable for who they are, like, if that's what they want to be. That's what they want to do. It's not my problem is not me. So that's why I chose 11
Misty Moncada: So I have three odd and three events. I don't know. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So there's bad
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That Conflict and the conflict, what I hear is that the quarter view is probably more of the dominant
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Problem Solving style that's more direct and that addresses things but a year so sober awareness and a you China taper down how direct you made me or even confrontational for lack of better word. You're trying to temporary it down. And so that's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Why the odd numbers are coming up, but the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Core of who you are is one that deals with things directly had on they address issues. And the way I know is because even when you gave the example for number one. I'm trying to go back to one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One, you made it. Um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It was solely based on the work style. I'm working environment. You didn't address relationships. So when work.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It seems that you would be more obliging a more accommodating. But how would I would even challenge to think that if it was something that you felt like really wasn't right. Or there was a better way to do it. You might offer your suggestion or you may get feedback.
Misty Moncada: Yes, and that's that's a problem with me when I have employment and like my boss. Like, I don't agree with something that I i have an issue with like addressing stuff then because I don't want to like lose my job, or I want to just do what's right.
Misty Moncada: And I shouldn't be like that because at home around my friends or anywhere else. I am studying my word, I that bothers me. I don't do that.
Misty Moncada: But when it comes to like having a boss. I'm like, okay, whatever, whether I agree or not and and and i think you're right. Like, I should be like with the way I'm with everybody else. I shouldn't just allow something like that to occur.
Misty Moncada: That's a conflict because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Also, I hear in your stores as someone that's really just trying to restore the time of all the crap that you went through.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All the pain all the violence, all that experience and make a better experience and be happy and be grateful. And so what I want you to recognize is that being direct doesn't necessarily mean that you're not grateful. It doesn't mean that you're confrontational.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's a balance and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Everything.
Yes, ma'am.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Don't show any
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Nature into the eyes because you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Make you a better person.
Misty Moncada: Okay.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, I sometimes I do things to just make other people happy. And then some. But like, I don't know, it's just, I don't know. I'm like, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's
Misty Moncada: Like there's so many things that are going through my mind now that I'm sober and I don't know how to like cope with everything right now like my mind feels
Misty Moncada: Like, I feel kind of like lost like I know everything I have to do every day but like my mind just like why am I feeling this, why am I doing this. Why you know certain things.
Misty Moncada: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's an awareness, it's not it's not Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is your awareness, it's now being in tune with your fans. And so when you notice a fight you identify it and then you assess
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Why is it up here. What am I experiencing right now on this way, what's going on in my environment, what can I adjust. That's good.
Misty Moncada: Right, right. That's what I'm doing. So I just try to balance everything out. Another thing I started doing I forgot to tell you is, I've been trying to go to the gym every day for 30 minutes I'm starting out with 30 minutes because I feel like
Misty Moncada: I found there's a gym in our town that's for free. Roy Walker. It's a free community gym. I've been going for 30 minutes so I could relieve stress and just kind of ease my mind that's been helping good as well.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's talk more about the odd numbers. You said you go along, something even if you don't like it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, to be pleasant and easy going no matter what people do are saying
And what was the other one.
Misty Moncada: Was
Misty Moncada: Three and 11
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And leave people alone. Let them be whatever they are.
Misty Moncada: I like to leave people to be I think that you shouldn't change anybody because, to each their own. We're all different.
Misty Moncada: So like if someone wants to act dumb. I'm elected Magnum. Go ahead. That's you. Not me. If someone wants to break the rules and I know we're not supposed to do it. I don't care. It's not me. Like, I know that kind of sounds rude. Like I'm
Misty Moncada: Just like whatever, you know, like all you do what you do. Let me do what I do you kind of feeling. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so with the evens you pick a
Misty Moncada: Yes, yes, when people don't do as well. I don't let them and
Misty Moncada: And that I feel like I'm contradicting myself.
Misty Moncada: Because I say
Misty Moncada: I leave people alone. Let them be whatever they are, when people don't do it's appropriate or reasonable
Misty Moncada: I don't let them get away with it. I don't know because they both like I feel like I'm both because I can let people be whatever. But then I have no problem addressing things to people if if I feel like that's not right either. So like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right guys tuition, would you let
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People be you wouldn't be wouldn't address if it was appropriate or reasonable and what situations do you just, it is what it is. I let you do you
Misty Moncada: Probably if it was to my probation officer or courts or a like like the judge or probation or or like employment. Those are things that are just like, um,
Misty Moncada: I won't. I don't speak up as much as I should.
Misty Moncada: And that's something I want to do.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Though you see the odds are it's house to authoritative situations employment probation officer.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because one you said with work 11 you said if there was Judge probation.
Misty Moncada: Like authority figures and stuff like that. Maybe because like I don't know, that's my story.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that could be the conflict because in situations and make sense when you have a lot. You have a lot that you're trying not to lose.
Misty Moncada: A lot of rules.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or regulations. Now, right, you have to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have to walk the client and arrow.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All these different stipulations to avoid any type of consequence. So no number one, I go along with something, even if I don't like it. That might be the publishing terms.
Misty Moncada: Right, right, right, right. And I think that's like the old like the old probation, like the old times, because now with my probation officer. Now, like we have such a cool
Misty Moncada: You know client relationship like a he understands things and and he's pretty open to my suggestions. So my Opo was not like that. Like, it was like
Misty Moncada: This is the way it is and that sat and even though I didn't agree with it. I had no choice. I would just follow through.
Misty Moncada: Like my new peel. It's, it's awesome because I'm like
Misty Moncada: Hey, like I'm doing this, or this, or and we could talk really great with each other. He's like, Whatever makes you feel comfortable if you want to go to this group. Then you go
Misty Moncada: Because you know they have group three times a week it mental health, and I have to go to one a week. And he's like,
Misty Moncada: I said, what day. Do you want me going. He's like, Whatever makes you feel comfortable. So we both, you know, we're in the middle like whatever, you know, and I like how that is but
Misty Moncada: Um, I don't know, it's just some authority like where I can speak my mind because it's I feel like it's not going to matter or employment like bosses, it's not going to matter because they're going to do it their way, kind of thing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, so when you feel
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That you're an eight.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you feel that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, I'm still gonna let you know what's wrong, and I'm not gonna let you get away with it.
Misty Moncada: What, what's the difference in those situations. Um, I think that goes with like friendships, or my family.
Misty Moncada: I think like, I'll just be like, hey man like
Misty Moncada: What are you doing, that's not right or or
Misty Moncada: I don't know. I speak my mind more with my family and friends like I have no problem addressing something with them because
Misty Moncada: I'm comfortable with them. And I feel like they'll listen to. Yeah. What I'm saying, or they won't or who will disagree or agree. Doesn't matter. But, you know, I'm more comfortable with the situation. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you have both styles, your, your style can be passive when it's something that requires rules and regulations and 40 and when it's a more personal relationships, you are more problem solving direct
Misty Moncada: And it makes sense in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your personal life where you would be more direct because you're in so many
Misty Moncada: Caretaker role.
Misty Moncada: Or you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have to be a leader.
Misty Moncada: You can't be passive
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you have so many responsibilities at
Yes.
Misty Moncada: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And we'll just see identify when that conflict comes up, you know, the next time there's a situation where you can
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where you could let people know that what they're doing is appropriate or but instead you choose to leave them alone. Thank
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Why did I choose the younger what works. What's going on because the core at the core of everyone. There's a dominant style. So right now you have the equal numbers, but it's because there's a conflict.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'm thinking whether, when you get more comfortable and things aren't as intense
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With all the rules or regulations, maybe the more dominant style, you'd be more present
Misty Moncada: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For right now, you would have to have that conflict because you're a caretaker your leader, you're going to be singing in the church choir.
Misty Moncada: I one side
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know someone extra to lead a group for addicts on one side, but on the other side is also
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Happening through the regulations that are
Misty Moncada: The Agency.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That dominant direct style rose to the surface when you saw that girl in the car, the laundromat.
Misty Moncada: Mm hmm.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you wanted to address the
Misty Moncada: Situation that you had
Misty Moncada: Let go for a while.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You saw an opportunity you wanted to address it, but you had to self talk
Misty Moncada: To go into a
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: relaxed state because again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, you thought of yourself talk was the consequences.
Misty Moncada: Right, yeah. And you know, I thought about it like I mean this is like my worst enemy like
Misty Moncada: A there's one time in my life I wanted to kill her like that and didn't care if I went to prison for it. So like
Misty Moncada: It took a it's crazy. Out of all the people that I could see that I've had issues or or any disputes with i happen to see my worst enemy. And she wasn't rude to me. She just. Well, I mean, I'm not to like brag about my lifestyle, but I was known as a girl that you just sit mess with because
Misty Moncada: I would get you before you got me kind of thing.
Misty Moncada: So like for her, she was, she tried to talk to me and I just like was like, hey, just walked away because she wrote down the window.
Misty Moncada: So my thing. I had to think right away like walk away, missy. Because I know I'm going to do something stupid.
Misty Moncada: And I don't know, she was just trying to be kind, so I would be kind of her, but am I didn't care. At that moment I was just like, I gotta get away. So when I'm
Misty Moncada: I'm really proud of myself because this is somebody I be looking for for a while like and I can't find her anywhere so me running into her and me doing what I did I get myself a big pat on the back for that. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's good that you found that balance of when to filter down the dominant problem solving style and went to adapt to. I need to. I need to just kind of mellow out the bad side, you know, they all require balance because the passive personalities are easy going. These are the
Misty Moncada: People that you want to go to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you're stressed out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you just need someone sympathize with you and I'll for comfort.
Misty Moncada: Night.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The dominant personalities are the one that you want to go to when you really need some advice. You don't want someone to just want someone to say
Misty Moncada: Hey, Jess, you should be doing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A, B and C.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or no, she said this, but remember when you did that you're contradicting yourself you need
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That balance of both friends.
Misty Moncada: Right.
Misty Moncada: Okay.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, because I know
Misty Moncada: It. No, it was just funny cuz I noticed, like when I said when I when you mentioned eight and then I seen that I did 11 so I it was funny how I felt like I contradicted myself with those two. Yeah.
Misty Moncada: But it's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Funny that you caught it because I was going to say it, and then
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have that awareness to say
Like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: contradicting myself.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, that's funny cuz we never realized, I see. That's why I like having group with you and I like having group in my therapist or, you know, or therapy with you guys because I'm learning things
Misty Moncada: I'm learning things about my mind what I don't learn from her I'm learning from you, but I don't learn from you learn for her. That's the way I feel so
Misty Moncada: It makes me feel better about who I am, what I'm becoming or how I'm finding myself because that right there just showed me like the things I'm doing, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. Well, good, good. I like that you're noticing some things so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The next time we meet, I want you to, like I said, analyze that conflict. Right, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not so right now all of these, but that's because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Eight and 11 really stood
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Out so for eight. Think about times when people do, don't do what's appropriate a reasonable and you won't let them get away with it.
Misty Moncada: Okay, I'm gonna write this down real quickly painful don't
Misty Moncada: Do what's appropriate
Misty Moncada: What's appropriate or reasonable
Misty Moncada: Okay, and then 1111
Misty Moncada: Yes. Okay.
Misty Moncada: Okay, so just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: analyze those two dynamics, maybe do a check in every day, every other day, and think about the events that unfolded and identify you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was I was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Aggressive problem solving style, did I call people out and what they did, that wasn't appropriate a reasonable or was it more we was I'm more like half of that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm going to leave people alone that can be whatever they are.
Misty Moncada: Yes. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then do like a little tally to to identify how many times did I do eight this week. And how many times that I do 11 this week.
Misty Moncada: Okay, okay, okay, sounds good. And then join me. Go ahead and schedule for a week. Another Yes, my man. Hey. Yeah, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We can meet
Misty Moncada: The 2626. Okay, same time
Yeah.
Misty Moncada: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sounds good.
Misty Moncada: Okay, Jessica.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, take care.
Misty Moncada: Okay. Bye bye.